Full Store Editing: Technical documentation (#5939)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/templates/legacy-template.md

# LegacyTemplate

[Source file](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/blob/trunk/src/BlockTypes/LegacyTemplate.php)

> The LegacyTemplate is a class used to set up the Legacy Template block on the server-side, and render the correct template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LegacyTemplate` is a class used to set up the Legacy Template block on the server-side, and render the correct template.
```

Here again we might want to use the Classic Template name. This is a good point to talk about whether renaming the file and the class itself is safe as discussed [here](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/issues/5861#issuecomment-1049627578)

Author: Ive renamed this to `ClassicTemplate` and even updated the source file link to `ClassicTemplate` in anticipation that is what the file will also be called.

## Overview

> It is from this file we enqueue the frontend scripts necessary for the product gallery, add to basket etc. functionality to work on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is from this file we enqueue the front-end scripts necessary for the product gallery, add to basket etc. functionality to work on the front-end.
```

So far we used the hyphenated form of "front-end", so I am suggesting that. However, this sentence sounds somewhat a bit strange. I'm not sure how I would reword it, maybe:

_It is from this file we enqueue the front-end scripts necessary to enable dynamic functionality, such as the product gallery, add to basket etc._

What do you think?

Author: I agree!
